Gitignore workaround (#1521)
sharkdp/fd: CHANGELOG.md

## Bugfixes

- Respect NO_COLOR environment variable with `--list-details` option. (#1455)

> - Fix bug that would cause hidden files to be includeddespite gitignore rules

Reviewer: minor
```suggestion
- Fix bug that would cause hidden files to be included despite gitignore rules
```
